Best Chocolate Chip Cookies


This chocolate chip cookie recipe makes dozens of delicious cookies with crisp edges and chewy middles loaded with chocolate chips!

This chocolate chip cookie recipe is truly the best. Just take it from the 14,000 members of the Allrecipes community who have given it rave reviews! These chocolate chip cookies are beloved because they're soft, chewy, and absolutely irresistible. Our top-rated recipe for chocolate chip cookies will quickly become your go-to.

Ingredients

1 cup butter, softened

1 cup white sugar

1 cup packed brown sugar

2 large eggs

2 teaspoons vanilla extract

1 teaspoon baking soda

2 teaspoons hot water

½ teaspoon salt

3 cups all-purpose flour

2 cups semisweet chocolate chips

1 cup chopped walnuts


Directions

Gather your ingredients, making sure your butter is softened, and your eggs are room temperature.

a top down view of all ingredients for the best chocolate chip cookies
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Beat butter, white sugar, and brown sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth.

butter, white sugar, and brown sugar mixed together in a mixing bowl
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Beat in eggs, one at a time, then stir in vanilla.

eggs mixed into cookie batter, one at a time
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Dissolve baking soda in hot water. Add to batter along with salt.

baking soda and water being mixed into cookie batter
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Stir in flour, chocolate chips, and walnuts.

flour, chocolate chips, and nuts mixed into cookie batter
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Drop spoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets.

cookies dropped by the spoonful, two inches a part on a baking sheet
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are nicely browned, about 10 minutes.

cookies baked until edges are perfectly golden brown
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Cool on the baking sheets briefly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.

chocolate chip cookies cooling on wire rack
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Store in an airtight container or serve immediately and enjoy!